Update doc for Nginx (#163)
ltb-project/service-desk: docs/installation.rst

    apt install service-desk

You should now proceed to :ref:`Apache installation and configuration <apache_configuration>`

> You should now proceed to :ref:`Nginx installation and configuration <nginx_configuration>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to :ref:`Nginx installation and configuration <nginx_configuration>`
```

    dnf install service-desk

You should now proceed to :ref:`Apache installation and configuration <apache_configuration>`

> You should now proceed to :ref:`Nginx installation and configuration <nginx_configuration>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to :ref:`Nginx installation and configuration <nginx_configuration>`
```
